you
what's up guys red fighting here and
today I'm a new episode of cool outfits
so the first outfit for today is the off
duty marine the first thing is gonna
want to put on as the tan team pass
tactical boots white tank top black
wraparound glasses desert army cap and a
tan parachute
the next outfit is a better-looking
marine so the first thing you want to do
is 10-team pants tactical boots at an
combat top 10 parachute a gray scarf
super heavy armor 10 tactical glove
black wraparound glasses and a tan
bulletproof helmet
and the last opus for today's hold the
hired gun start off you're going to want
to put on the forced teen pants tactical
boots a black tank top black parachute
bag standard armor blackface bandana
Hawaii snow glasses and black fingerless
gloves
to get no hat in different glasses with
the face bandana just go to the glasses
stand and choose the glasses you want
works the same for hats except you have
to go over to the hat section if you
don't want any hat or any glasses just
set either those two no hat or no
glasses for future cool outfit videos
should I continue to commentate the
video or should I just put a list of the
clothing items on screen and play music
in the background any feedback would be
appreciated and with that have a great
day